The answer is 0.55.
The way to compute this is by
the theorem of [INAUDIBLE] probability.
Probability of X2=H, there are two
ways I can get to this outcome.
One is via this path over here and
one is via this path over here.
Let me just write both of them down.
So first of all it could be
the probability of X2 equals
heads given that and
I'll assume X1 was head already.
And then now I have to add
the complimentary event.
Suppose X1 came up tails.
Then I can ask the question,
what is the probability that
X2 come up heads regardless.
Even though X1 was tails?
Plugging in the numbers
gives us the following,
this one over here is 0.9, times a half.
The probability of tails is 0.8,
thereby my head probability
becomes 1 minus 0.8 which is 0.2.
Adding all of this
together gives me 0.45
plus 0.1 which is exactly 0.55.